---
title: Goodbye 2020
date: 2021-01-01 19:00:00 +07:00
tags:
- year-in-review
feature-images: "/uploads/goodbye2020.jpg"
layout: post
---

Hi, long time no see, I have to say the same word "time flies". There are so many things happen in 2020 especially the World crisis "COVID-19" pandemic. It affect to everybody, a lot of people die, world economy collapse and some business have to shut down or reduce their cost. 

Unfortunately, my wife work on travel and tourism industry so she have to leave her dream job behind and go back to Thailand, but on the other hand this is great chance for her to looking for the new journey. And at least, we can stay together.

My company also affected, we have to reduce cost, start to WFH and adjust the business to survive in this crisis. Luckily, I still have the job.

Because of WFH, you can do anything whenever you want but you must have the discipline. Sadly, I don't have that much. I waste my time with games, social media, Youtube and Netflix. Even though, I finish my duty but it would be better if I can manipulate time.  

> "The bad news is time flies. The good news is you’re the pilot."
― Michael Altshuler

Although everything seem so bad, I have been promoted. The new position is super challenge for me because I'm not strong in that fields and timeline is tight but this is good opportunity to break out of my comfort zone. Then, challenge accept!!.

The other good thing in 2020 is I receive an invitation for an interview from Facebook London but unfortunately it's beyond my ability. However, I'll improve and won't miss on the second chance.

Last but not least, Happy New Year 2021 🎉🎉🎉